Screenshots and updates for demo setup (#3)
StevenBorg/RSNA-2022-Demo: demo-instructions.md

    1. Go to the App registrations, add find the Azure API for DICOM. ![Add API Permissions](demo-environment-images/add-api-permission.png)
    2. Select DICOM.ReadWrite permissions and click Add permissions. ![Select DICOM.ReadWrite](demo-environment-images/add-dicom-read-write-permission.png)
    > Make note of the **application ID** and **client secret** when registering the client application.
    > 
    > Also, note the authorization URL from the **Endpoints** pane on the Overview page.  You'll need the **OAuth 2.0 token endpoint (v1)**

9. Configure the web service connection.  This enables the router to communicate with the DICOM service.  
    1. Select the **MicrosoftDICOM** zone to expand the zone details.
    ![Select Microsoft DICOM](demo-environment-images/microsoft-dicom-zone.png)
    2. Select **Web Service Connections** and then **MicrosoftDICOMWeb**.
    ![Web service connections](demo-environment-images/web-service-connections.png)
    3. The following fields must be updated: **Endpoint URL**, **Username**, **Password**, and **Auth URL**.

        ![Endpoint URL and authentication](demo-environment-images/url-auth-details.png)

>     4. In the Qvera **Endpoint URL** box, enter the Azure DICOM **Service URL**. You can find the URL in the Azure portal by browsing to **Resource Groups `>` rsna_workshop_studentN `>` DICOM Service `>` Overview `>` Service URL**.

Reviewer: The resource group name won't use the "rsna" prefix, instead, it's whatever the user selects in the deployment template.  

```suggestion
    4. In the Qvera **Endpoint URL** box, enter the Azure DICOM **Service URL**. You can find the URL in the Azure portal by browsing to **Resource Groups `>` _your resource group_ `>` DICOM Service `>` Overview `>` Service URL**.
```
